In this exercise, you'll be asked to create an S3 bucket and then apply
an S3 lifecycle policy to that bucket to delete items in it after a number of days.
Here we have an example S3 bucket.
If you'd look at the Management tab within the user interface,
we'll see that our first option is for Lifecycle.
Underneath we have a Add lifecycle rule button.
Clicking this button, brings us to this wizard for creating a lifecycle rule.
First thing we do is we'll name our rule.
Then we're asked if you want to limit the scope to
specific subsection of the bucket or just apply this to the entire bucket?
We're just going apply it to the entire bucket.
Next will go onto the second stage of the lifecycle rule wizard.
The second stage, as we see on the top, is called transitions.
This stage is for transitioning objects from one storage class to another,
is not about expiring or deleting objects.
So actually we're just going to skip through this step of the wizard.
The third part of the wizard is for expiration.
So this is where we can expire or again,
delete objects. One last note.
In this case, we are not talking about a versioned S3 bucket,
so we're only concerned with the current version for this exercise. Good luck.